Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(♪ Straight to the Edge: Kal Vilmer)
♪ Take a leap of faith
♪ Walking through the fire
♪ When you're breaking your way
through the ice
(Cheering)
♪ Dancing on a wire cos your limit
punches holes through the sky
♪ You know who you are
you know where you've been
♪ Follow in your heart
and tell me
♪ Instinct is the truth and you are
what's missing when it tells you
♪ You got to run straight to the edge
♪ And smile in the face of death
♪ It's your heart
It's your heart
♪ You've got to run
straight to the edge
♪ And smile in the face of death
you've got to run straight to the edge
♪ It's your heart
It's your heart
♪ It's a leap of faith
♪ You've got to run
straight to the edge
♪ And smile in the face of death
you've got to run straight to the edge
♪ It's your heart. it's your heart
take a leap of faith ♪
(Indistinct shouting)
(Guns firing)
Lieutenant. he's leaking too bad!
There's not much
I can do about it here.
(John) It felt like
I had been here before.
so many times.
It's just a matter of time
before they roll down.
(John)
I didn't even know who they were.
Everything was starting
to blur together.
I had fought so many battles.
-Faced so many adversaries.
-(Eagles screeching)
There's a haze.
She told me that if I left
she wouldn't take me back.
So I left.
Maybe that was a mistake.
Where the fuck are they coming from?
That's me... Lieutenant John Cutter.
Rangers.
We've been tasked
to rescue a VIP and his family
from a small terrorist cell
in West Africa.
What we didn't know
is they were being led
by the world's most
notorious war criminal.
Igor Rodin.
Rodin headed up a multi-national
terrorist organisation.
with militias from around the world
that he could call on... anytime.
American Rangers.
Cease fire. you are surrounded.
Sir. We are completely surrounded.
We were completely surrounded.
(Indistinct shouting)
I was having second thoughts
about this mission.
Some things just didn't add up.
Sir. what the fuck
are we gonna do?
Return fire on these assholes.
Keep it tight. Conserve your ammo.
D-Bo. get me command on the line.
-And. Keyes...
-Sir!
Intel said this used to be
a mining camp.
There's tunnels leading out of here.
You find me an exit
and you do it fast!
Copy.
(Gun firing continues)
Lieutenant. I've got
Colonel Anderson for you.
Colonel.
I thought everything
was under control.
Now what the hell happened?
What's happened?
I'll tell you what fucking happened.
Your intel was for shit.
There's a full rebel brigade
out there. mechanised.
Cutter. calm down.
I'll calm down once you give me
my QRF. I need air support.
These bastards have armour.
-We're gonna die. aren't we?
-(Woman) Adam!
No. sir. you will not.
Seven minutes. Copy that.
Give them our coordinates.
Roger. Control. Friendlies on
the ground and heavy assault.
Proceeding with new coordinates.
Carter. get the family
to the next room. We're leaving.
Fire!
(Grunts)
No!
(Distorted) No!
(Gun firing)
(Soldiers screaming)
(Yells)
Motherfuckers!
They must have called for support.
-Keyes. you find me that back door?
-I can't find shit!
Keep it frosty. Keyes.
sweep the other rooms.
Sir. I think I found something.
-(D-Bo) Keyes!
-Sir.
Fuck. Joe. how you doing. man?
Oh. shit.
OK.
Slow. slow. slow.
-I'll go check on the guys.
-Suck it up.
We gotta get the fuck out of here.
Come on. man. Get you up
D-Bo!
(Panting)
John.
-How many guys?
-They're gone.
Harris?
(Man on radio) Pendulum.
This is Castle.
we're making our in.
Mark your position.
Danger's close. ready one.
drop on our position.
I repeat danger's close.
All right. Pendulum.
it's your ass. cover up.
(John grunts) Come on.
I got you.
-(Gunfire)
-(Keyes screaming)
(Both groan)
(Dog barking)
(John) All right. boy. let's go. Up.
Rest up. You're gonna need
your strength today.
You little son of a gun.
Been a while. Lieutenant.
Yes. sir.
Congratulations on the promotion.
General.
And how's the guide business?
-Looking to do some hunting?
-I am.
-The season starts in October.
-Terrorists are always in season.
I'm out. General.
-This is something different.
-Well. I was discharged.
You're going on a private contract.
We do it all the time.
You're qualified.
You're in good shape.
General. I'm no good. I failed.
I left my team behind.
John. they were dead.
Africa was a rough gig.
You think we sent the Rangers in
because it was easy?
We teach you guys everything
except how to fail.
My God. you'd think
we'd have figured that one out by now.
John. it wasn't your fault.
Then whose fault was it?
Those men were my responsibility.
Listen. John. Joey's still alive
because of you.
The truth is. I need you for this.
Your country needs you.
You're a good soldier. General.
But a shitty salesman.
OK. Igor Rodin.
He's the target.
Igor Rodin is dead.
-Intel said the air...
-Intel was wrong.
-He was shot there.
-John. please. I need you to ID him.
(Car engine starting)
(Indistinct radio chatter)
(Sonar beeping)
-Shitty salesman. huh?
-Some things sell themselves.
Thanks for being here.
Let's go meet the guys.
-Gentlemen.
-Sir.
(All) General!
This is Mr Cutter.
civilian contractor.
background airborne.
ex-officer in the Rangers.
Mr Cutter has met our target
and will ID him for us.
Chief. take us through
the rest of the op.
All right. guys. listen up.
This is a direct action operation.
Capture or kill the target.
We go in as Legion One. We're about
20 nautical miles offshore.
2100. hit that water.
swim the rest of the way.
Mr Cutter. you are scuba certified.
I assume.
-(John) Six weeks at NDSTC.
-Good enough.
This ain't no dip in the pool.
These Albanians are paranoid as shit.
Activity around the port
will be extremely high.
At least a dozen soldiers and a few
boats patrolling in the water.
-Who's the target?
-Igor Rodin.
Interpol has a file on him
10 pages long.
But he now seems to be
upping his game.
We tracked him buying up toxic waste
from a base here in Eastern Europe.
Munitions dump. He's gotten hold
of 300.000 gallons
of some of the worst shit
known to mankind.
Now the toxic barrels by themselves
don't amount to much.
But coupled with the right bomb.
a sizable chunk of this planet
will be uninhabitable
for the next 200 years.
That's where the three scientists
come in.
(Anderson)
Three scientists went missing.
Chemical engineer. physicist.
mechanical engineer.
By themselves. not one of them
is capable of making a bomb.
But together. that's one hell
of a lethal cocktail.
We have a six-hour window.
If they finish the assembly.
we're done.
I advise you all
to familiarise yourself
with the details in your logs.
Any questions?
Gentlemen.
I've got to make a transmission.
All right. boys. get some rest.
-John. I'll catch you pre-mission.
-Yes. sir.
-John Cutter.
-Yeah.
Lieutenant John Cutter.
I used to be.
JSOC. Africa Command.
three years ago.
-Yeah. that's me.
-Lost your team.
-Something like that.
-Heard you washed out.
It's pretty hard to go on
giving orders after that one. Chief.
I bet. It was pretty rough stuff.
I know FUBAR. man. I don't judge you.
-What are you getting at. Chief?
-Why are you coming with us?
Just stay here on the sub.
We'll send you back
a video after we kill Rodin
and you can confirm it on datalink.
The General thinks
I need to be there.
I'm the only one that knows
what Rodin looks like.
We're after a bomb.
This ain't a personal vendetta.
-Too late.
-I got six guys I gotta get home.
-Copy?
-Yeah. I copy.
Good.
We've got about six hours. then
this thing dumps us in the Adriatic.
I want you to ask yourself.
"Am I good to go?"
If you're not all in.
you do us all a favour...
Don't go.
-(John) Nice family.
-Thanks. man.
Never easy to say goodbye. you know.
-I'm Marcus Cooper. Call me Coop.
-John Cutter.
Welcome aboard. John.
-So. you got kids?
-No.
-A wife?
-Girlfriend?
-(Chuckles)
-Well. there's Spud.
-Spud?
-Yeah. he's a Golden Lab mix.
-OK. man's best friend. right?
As long as I'm feeding him.
-I'm gonna sack out.
-Cool. man.
(♪ Upbeat music playing)
(Indistinct chatter)
Look. Nina. I wanna do this job
and go home.
And you know he'll kill us
the minute it's finished.
If you believe that.
why keep working?
Because any hope is better than that.
Hope?
I've seen hope drives people across
the desert. thousands of miles.
only to die of starvation
the moment they find the food.
I have seen the hope drive the people
day after day
to some shitty factories.
until after 80 years. they simply
expired. And you say hope.
He needs a hospital.
-I need my bomb quicker.
-We're moving as fast as we can.
You had better be.
What if I start the reaction now.
and blow us all to hell?
Then at the very least.
I would be pleasantly surprised.
-Do it.
-Don't tempt me.
Do it.
(Machine whirring and beeping)
Nina.
(Machine continues beeping)
But what will that do for your hope?
Bye!
(Beeping stops)
(Chief) Stay tight. We don't wanna
make a wave signature.
Rodin's underwater sensors
are so sensitive
that if a shark were to take a shit.
they would pick
that shit up. literally.
(Danimal) Cutter. where'd you say
you earned your scuba cert?
The local YMCA?
(John) NDSTC.
(Indistinct chatter)
(John) Slow it down. gents.
These mines are hot.
(Danimal) Shut up. Cutter.
I'll swim as fast as I goddamn want.
(Coop)
Danimal. I would listen to Cutter.
(Danimal)
Whose side are you on. Coop?
(John) Just keep it tight.
(Danimal) Heard about the last time
you were on a mission. Cutter.
You lost five fucking men.
(John) Don't talk about things
you don't know about.
(Chief) Hey. we're on a mission here.
Now get your shit in line. Cutter.
(Coop) Cutter. don't listen to
what the fuck they're saying.
Bunch of dicks.
Let's just keep it moving.
Good one. Cutter.
(John) Come on. Coop.
(Danimal) Look at me. Cutter.
I'm not keeping it tight.
(John) Fucking asshole.
(Danimal) Oh. my. Oh. my fucking...
(John) Danimal! Danimal!
(Danimal) What the fuck?
(Explosion)
(Alarm beeping)
-I need divers in the water now.
-(Diver 1) Roger that.
(Diver 2) Let's make this fast.
I have hot date tonight.
(Chief) Well. they know
we're here now. gents.
Double-time it.
(Indistinct shouting)
-Mr Rodin.
-What. Nikola?
One of our underwater mines
was triggered.
I have deployed divers. but it may be
the incursion you feared.
By the time they report in...
We may not have the time
to finish the bomb.
No matter. We'll finish it en route.
Dr Islav. we are moving on.
Bring with you only what
you need to finish the project.
What about Yuri?
He is not needed any more.
-(Gunshot)
-(Screams)
Prepare yourselves to leave.
The time is not on our side. Doctor.
He was never going to recover.
We both know that.
-Now! Go.
-(Nikola) Move.
(Chief) We got this. boys.
Remember your training.
(Diver 1) You and Miguel
go to discotheque?
(Diver 2) No. Miguel's on barrel duty.
I'm taking Tomas.
He knows how to tango.
(Chief) Go. go. go.
Go. go. go.
(Diver 1) American scum!
(Chief) Go. go. go. go. go.
go. go!
(Diver 1 groans)
No!
(Chief) Cutter. You know your shit.
I wish Danimal had listened.
Why do you hate God so much. Igor?
Look at the world. Niki.
The innocent suffer.
the guilty prosper.
God made us in His image.
what does it tell you about Him?
It means he is a motherfucker.
just like me.
Can't this piece of shit
go any faster?
We can't go faster than the truck.
The truck has
2.000 kilos in the back.
-Never mind. soon we'll be rich men.
-(Vladimir) I hope it's true.
Don't hope. Vladimir. Hope is for
peasants and priests. We are soldiers.
We are making our destiny.
We don't pray for it.
(Indistinct chatter)
(Diver) Miguel. counterclockwise.
Look.
Come on. this not discotheque.
(Water splashing)
(Screams)
(Indistinct conversation)
(Beeping)
(Man 1) Hurry up. They're inside.
Where is Vishan?
(Man 2) He called in fever sick.
I radio for replacement.
Mikhail Bromislov.
reporting for replacement duty. sir.
(Man 1) Mikhail. you're not
replacing anybody.
(Mikhail) Please. give me chance.
(Man 1) Fuck this up.
barrel duty for life.
Hurry up with the charges.
Something doesn't look right.
(Beeping)
Hey. Chief. you better come see this.
-Been dead nearly a half hour.
-Toxic waste.
(Chief) Yeah.
These tanks must be full
of whatever did that to him.
(Chief) Let's go.
Chief!
(Indistinct shouting)
(Shouting)
Look at me. look at me!
-We need to fucking move now.
-And go where. man?
Danimal's dead. Russ is dead
and Chief's a fucking meatball.
We just missed the target.
so we fucked that deal.
(Chief coughs)
We just pissed off the entire
fucking Albanian army.
-Thought you SEALs were tough.
-(Chief) Pink!
I ain't got many breaths left.
Don't make me waste 'em
running you down.
(Breathing heavily)
You stow your weapon and sharpen up.
Let me hear you say.
"Aye-aye. Master Chief."
Aye-aye. Master Chief.
Now listen up.
Cutter's gonna get you home.
You take orders from him from now on.
-He's a fucking civ...
-He's an officer.
You ain't qualified to make a tougher
choice than "paper or plastic."
That's an order. Let me hear it!
-Aye-aye. Master Chief.
You guys are a great team.
I hate to bitch out at you like this.
You just worry about
finding a way out of here.
Find us a truck. We're moving out.
Go. Come on.
(Alarm blaring)
See you downrange.
See you there. rookie.
(Engine starting)
-What the hell are you doing?
-You get my boys home.
I don't exactly have
the best track record.
You better. Or I will haunt your ass
tier-1 poltergeist shit. you copy?
-Yeah. copy.
-They knew we were coming here.
Something ain't right.
What do you think
we should do. Chief?
Call the General.
tell him you're coming back.
-Roger that.
-Hand me that frag. will ya?
(Breathing heavily)
Good luck. Cutter.
-Chief?
-Drive.
Welcome. gentlemen.
To hell!
Sir. we have Legion One
on the sat link.
-Chief Ryan?
-No. sir. Cutter.
-John?
-General.
-Where's Chief Ryan?
-He's gone.
So is Dan and Russ.
And Rodin?
Negative. Looks like they blew out
of there before we arrived.
We need an exfil.
We had a UAV up over their base.
and tracked three vehicles
leaving 10 minutes ago.
One of them was kicking out
enough neutrons
to light up
like an electric lightbulb.
Assume Rodin is with the bomb.
You'll be heading for Ngorny Stasi.
It's an army base about
10 miles to your west.
Sir. we need a way out.
You and the remaining members
of your team are all we have there.
General. these men are tired.
They lost their leader. friends...
We're low on ammo.
God damn it. John.
when that bomb's gone. it's gone.
Imagine they roll that truck
into Paris. Berlin.
or Moscow and set it off.
I don't know what you gotta do.
I don't know where you're gonna
have to go to find it.
but you've got to dig deep
and find whatever it is you've lost
and finish this.
Otherwise two good men
died for nothing
and a hell of a lot more will follow.
(Sighs)
-John?
-I know what Chief would say.
He promised to get you guys home.
There are some promises
no one can keep.
We're SEALs. John.
We finish the fucking mission.
no matter what.
(Anderson) John. are you there?
Send us the data you have.
We stop this bastard for you. sir.
(Dog barking)
(Pinky) Is that our truck?
Won't know until we look inside.
-So what's the plan?
-We do it loud.
There's only five of us.
Yeah. they don't know that.
We hit 'em so hard and so fast.
they'll think there's a whole
motherfucking division out here.
You know. I like this guy.
To think I almost stabbed him
a few hours ago.
He almost kicked your ass
-Can the grab ass.
-All right.
Pinky. Nick.
I want you guys on Alpha team.
Take a look inside the truck.
Coop. you're on Bravo team.
all by your lonesome.
I want you on the long gun.
When the shit hits the fan.
secure the truck. we move out.
Frank. you're with me
on Charlie team.
We'll hit the main building.
we'll do a quick intel sweep.
Good to go?
-(Coop) Boo-ya.
-(Pinky) Let's go.
-Lock and load.
-(Guns cocking)
(Grunting)
The convoy. Where'd they go?
I don't know. OK. OK!
They never stop here.
They went straight to Golyama.
-What's this?
-Train station.
(Grunts)
(Groans)
(Shouting)
(Grunts)
(Indistinct shouting)
Get in!
(Groans)
John. get in!
-Pinky! You good to drive?
-Yeah!
Stay on this road.
I know where they're going.
How?
Golyama train station.
-Five miles north of here.
-Call it in.
Fuck. You're one lucky bastard.
you know that?
(Indistinct chatter)
Careful. careful. Yes.
You have one hour to finish the bomb.
What guarantee do we have
that you will not shoot us
like you did Yuri?
None. Just my word.
I gain nothing by your death.
The Americans already know
I have the weapon.
Now. it's just a game of time.
One hour.
(Door closes)
What other choice do we have?
Let's work.
(Machine beeping)
(John) Stop!
Yo!
Hey. where're you going?
Coop. I want you and the others
to take this road southwest.
You'll run into a small
fishing village.
Steal a boat. you'll be in Italian
waters by nightfall.
You're gonna take
on those guys on your own?
-Just one.
-We're coming with you.
Pink. you're good. But one arm.
you ain't good to me.
I can still put out.
Who's gonna get Nick home
if Pink's only got one good arm?
That's an order.
Hey. man. if I can't stop him. someone
has to let General Anderson know
the bomb is on that train.
12 hours from now. that train
could be in the heart of Europe.
Germany. Austria. Russia.
Letting that train go free
is like putting a virus
directly in the bloodstream
of the continent.
Anderson will know what to do.
-Go.
-Good luck.
-Hey. Coop?
-Yeah?
If I fuck this up.
I want you to go to NOLA for me.
There's a joint there.
it's called Coach and Horses.
There's a bartender. Can't miss her.
Eyes even one of you
frogmen could drown in.
She's got Spud. Her name's Jenna.
Listen. man. you'll be taking care
of that yourself.
And if I can't?
We've been thinking about
getting a dog ourselves.
He'll have a good home.
-(Taps truck)
-Go!
(Inaudible)
♪ When I was a young boy
♪ I recognised the power of the power
♪ And I became a young man
♪ I looked inside
and I found the power
(Indistinct talking)
♪ Search and destroy
♪ Unlock the power
Search and destroy
♪ Search and destroy
I've got the power
♪ There comes a time
in every man's life
♪ Where he's got to choose
♪ Good or evil
♪ When the time comes.
which path are you gonna take?
♪ Is it the one of least resistance
♪ Or the one that makes
this crazy life worth it?
♪ Search and destroy
Search and destroy
♪ Unlock the power
It's inside of you
♪ It's inside of you
♪ Search and destroy
♪ Destroy
♪ Search
♪ Search and destroy ♪
-Where have you been?
-Looking at the train.
(Chuckles) You're lucky
you didn't miss it.
Papa. there's lots of soldiers
on this train and they have guns.
Right. Now... sit down.
We have a long trip.
-Get ready to move.
-Where to?
North.
No way. we are not clear
to go north.
Are we clear now?
(Man) Go.
(Train horn blowing)
-Papa. Papa. we're moving.
-(Chuckles)
-He has a gun.
-Son. you need to be quiet.
(All screaming)
(Laughing) Nice try.
Good afternoon. everybody.
Welcome on board Train 290
with non-stop service to hell.
For the duration of our travel.
I will be your host.
My name is none of your business.
And in case of an emergency...
all of you will probably die.
Please. sir.
We are peaceful people. We are...
You serve a single function.
All of you will act like
shields to protect me.
Your lives mean as little to me
as that of insects.
If you wish to get off of this train.
you will be obedient.
you will be silent! Believe in me
as padre here believes in God.
You can survive with this. and now...
the choice is yours.
Clean this up. will you?
(♪ Music playing)
It's a bit early to celebrate.
isn't it?
(Chuckles)
I'm drinking champagne for pleasure.
Not for some special occasion.
Jamal! It's your friend. Igor.
Yes. we are on the way.
I received the deposit
and now you need
to escrow the remainder of the fee
with our friends from Switzerland.
Of course the device is ready.
It will perform
precisely as demonstrated.
If not. keep away
your $100 million.
Bye.
Zivko!
I want to know the second
the money hits the escrow account.
Nikola... for Christ's sakes.
what is wrong?
There is a long way to go
and you're here
playing romantic-man with this girl.
There are no more moves.
No more decisions to make.
If we have made our plans well.
then we will succeed.
If no. we will fail.
and nothing can change that now.
Nina. check if the solenoid
on 14 is connected.
-It's fine.
-No. it's not.
I'm not getting the signal.
Gregor. it is connected.
Come see for yourself.
(Softly) I'm disconnecting
the container
from the pressure valves to the fuel.
But that will disable the bomb.
Precisely.
He will kill us.
He's going to do that anyway.
I won't let him get away with this.
Nina. please. Don't do this.
-I have a family.
-Back to work!
-He's going to...
-Guard!
-Stop her.
-Coward.
Hey!
Oh! Hold on. hold on.
I got my ticket. all right? It's...
Call me Igor. please.
What?
(Nikola) Explain.
She has disconnected the firing
circuits to the valve-solenoids.
What does it mean?
Sabotage.
Can you fix it?
-I believe so.
-Asshole.
(Nina grunts)
You believe?
For one million dollars.
I could be certain.
-One?
-Da. one.
One million dollars in a
Swiss account with your name on it.
Can be done.
-How long do you need?
-Forty-five minutes. no more.
Go. Get it right.
Nikola. go with him and protect him.
like he is your son.
OK.
Sir. I'm in.
I'm gonna shut down the system.
(Yelps)
(Train horn blowing)
Make any sound
and I will end your life.
-You speak English?
-I do.
-Who are you?
-I'm asking the questions.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm the conductor. Vesslin.
How many of them are on board?
(Sighs)
-Thank God you're not with them.
-How many?
Erm. they're around 20 of them.
I'm not sure what is happening
in the two front carriages.
-They won't let me in.
-I need a phone.
Cell phones don't work here.
Not for the next 300 kilometres.
What about for emergencies?
You can use mine.
But it's connected only
to the dispatcher's office.
Then put me on it.
(Phone ringing)
(Snores)
-(Phone ringing)
-(Groans)
Control.
-Who's this?
-This is control agent Boris Tamesh.
43794...
Hey! Who the hell is this?
John Cutter. I'm on Train 290.
I need you to contact NATO
headquarters in Brussels.
have them connect you
to US Army in Taranto. Italy.
Authorisation code is
Kilo-Tango-Charlie 9-7...
Uh...
(Mumbles)
Are you fucking deaf?
No. I'm looking
for the correct regulation
regarding unauthorisation
use of the phone system.
How about regulations for a bomb?
Boris. do as he says.
Bandits took over my train.
(Boris) Vesslin. is that you?
This person should not use our phone.
Hey. listen. asshole. All right?
There's a bomb
the size of a fucking minivan
on this train.
Tell me again.
what was your name. please?
Lieutenant John Cutter.
Ask for General Norman Anderson.
-And you want me to call NATO?
-Da.
Shit.
Are you gonna do it or what?
Yes. I will.
But first I have to find...
Line went dead.
Not good. Someone heard us.
-Is there another phone?
-Yes. In my office.
Get back there
before they notice you're gone.
Operator? Yes. please connect me
with NATO headquarter in Brussels.
It is an emergency call.
-Mister?
-Whoa. hey.
Is there truly a bomb on this train?
I think so.
How did you know about that?
I heard the big. ugly man
talking about a bomb.
Too many of those ugly.
big men on this train?
Mister. are you one of the bad guys?
No. kid. Do I look like a bad guy?
-Here.
-Is this for me?
This drawing is for you.
That's where the soldiers are.
and the barrels.
That's the one the big man
and his friends are in.
Here. I don't know.
Some kind of yellow barrel.
Thank you. Thank you.
Mr Rodin.
Sir. we have a problem
with one of the passengers.
American or English. I can't tell.
You're going to fail.
On the line to the main office.
he told them about the bomb.
-Bastard.
-I disconnected the line. sir. but...
(Gun cocks)
(Igor) Watch her!
Follow me.
Doctor. if you want to live
to see that money.
finish the damn bomb!
-(Phone rings)
-Control.
-Boris. did you make the call?
-Yeah. I made.
And?
And they told me to please wait
and they'll call back to verify.
-Did you tell them about the bomb?
-I did.
-And?
-And they will call me back...
Boris. you need to yell and scream
until they hear you.
A lot of people are going to die
unless that message gets through.
Do you understand?
How can I help you?
American. Where is he?
No. sir. No American here.
-You let him use the phone.
-(Grunts)
(Passengers whimpering)
No one here.
He was a foreign provocateur.
you fool.
Give me the PA.
American!
Are you listening?
You will surrender yourself
to me at once.
If not.
I will start killing passengers.
one at a time.
each fucking minute. until you do.
(Gun cocks)
(Woman whimpering)
(Boy crying)
-You're the scientist.
-You're the American?
I suppose so.
They're looking for you.
They want to kill you.
You cannot surrender.
You are all we have.
It's OK.
I have no plans of giving up.
Good. You don't have much time.
-Is the bomb finished?
-Soon.
-How long do I have?
-Maybe 15 minutes.
Drop it. or the kid dies.
(Nikola grunting)
(John coughs)
Who are you?
Mother Teresa.
Mother Teresa?
-(Grunts)
-(Igor) Nikola.
(Groans)
Let me see what we have here.
Who is he?
He said he's Mother Teresa.
What an idiot.
(Speaking Russian)
I know him.
It's always nice to know
that you're remembered.
Your pride cost me
too much money that day.
Your greed cost me
the lives of my troopers.
-He is an American.
-American?
Lieutenant John Cutter. right?
We met in Africa. We met in Africa.
How did the CIA find me?
-Maybe the Yellow Pages?
-(Grunts)
You're right.
-That was a total lie.
-What are you doing here?
I'm here to ID you and your
fucking bomb for a strike team.
-You're bluffing.
-Try me.
I already planted the GPS.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm gonna kill you right now.
You can't kill me. asshole.
I'm the only one who knows
where it is.
Come to think of it.
the birds should already
be on their way.
(Man on radio)
Rodin. you need to see this.
Hold on. I will be there in a minute.
Nikola. make him talk.
-(Grunts)
-(Groans)
Yes. yes! (Laughing)
Come on. come on. come on.
This is Legion One. on an unsecured
emergency frequency
for any US
military forces within range. over.
Legion One. this is submarine...
Listen. I need
General Anderson. fast!
Sir. this is a non-secure frequency.
Put it in your report.
Go for Anderson.
General. this is Coop.
The device and the target are on
a train number 290 out of Golyama
at 1400 hours today.
destination unknown.
Train 290
out of Golyama. 1400. copy.
I have one critically wounded sailor.
and one with a GSW. non-critical.
Need emergency pickup.
Where's Cutter?
Cutter's on the train. sir.
He wanted to finish the mission.
We're coming to get you. Cooper.
Hang tight.
Get me NATO. I need an immediate
strike readied.
We need two interceptors
for Train 290.
-But. sir. Cutter's still on board...
-And so is that bomb.
Switch our tracks over
at the next intersection.
Sir. that's extremely dangerous.
We've just shut down
the entire system.
It's a single track railroad.
What's coming the other way
could be 10.000 tonnes of steel.
Exactly. Or. 1.000 pounds
of high explosive.
courtesy of
the United States Air Force.
One is a maybe.
The other. a definitely.
(Train horn blowing)
(Alarm blaring)
Hello? Train number 70?
(Singing operatic music)
Hello?
Hello? Train number 70?
(Continues singing)
Where is the GPS?
(John wheezing)
Tell us!
Tell us. you American piece of shit.
You tell us!
(John) Why did I leave her?
She said I cared more about my unit.
She said I would give my last breath.
She was right!
(Grunting)
(Straining)
(Grunts)
(Alarm blaring)
What the hell is happening?
I don't know. sir.
The truck was diverted
to an outside command
-and then the system crashed.
-Can you contact them?
Negative. sir. I tried. but it is
an old train and no one answers.
What about 290?
I don't know. They don't receive.
I think the signal is cut.
Call the army. see if someone
can get a helicopter
with a loudspeaker there.
Sir. I don't think it's a good idea.
because there is a bomb on the train.
Don't argue with me.
you imbecile.
Do it!
(Indistinct shouting)
(Gunfire)
Sir?
Bullets hit the pipes.
We need to slow down.
Slow down for nothing.
(In Russian)
(Chuckles)
-(Knife stabs)
-(Woman screams)
(Train horn blaring)
(In English) Stand up!
Receive Jesus Christ
as your light and saviour.
Fuck off!
What is troubling
your soul. my son?
You need to clear your conscience.
Get back to your seat.
I want to bring your lost soul
to Jesus.
-I'll fucking kill you!
-And I will rise from the dead.
(All screaming)
Repent. sinners.
You're going to get a medal.
Da. if I live.
I need a phone.
(Phone ringing)
John. is this you?
-For God's sake. stop the train.
-Yeah. I'd love to. pal. No dice.
-Jesus.
-Did you reach General Anderson?
Not yet. John. you are on
a collision course with another train.
-How long do we have?
-About eight minutes.
All right. I need you
to contact General Anderson
through the codes I gave you.
Tell him the bomb is on this train.
Do you understand?
We're on a collision course
with another train.
I need to disconnect the cars.
How do we do it?
-I can show you how to do it.
-Good.
But first. I have some
unfinished business.
(Train horn blaring)
(Gun cocks)
-No. no. no! No shooting!
-(Nikola) Drop it!
Please. no shooting! One...
One ricochet and we will die.
Please. No shooting. Please!
(John) OK.
(Grunting)
(Groans)
(Over phone)
This is General Anderson.
It's for you. NATO headquarters.
It's about time. (Clears throat)
Sir. yes. sir.
Boris. this is General Anderson.
Yes. Captain Tamesh. sir.
I have a message for you
from John Cutter.
The bomb and the target
are on the train.
I know that. Captain.
The question is. where is the train?
The train diverted west.
It's approximately 10 kilometres
from border with Montenegro.
Approximately?
Our command controls
are malfunctioning.
Jesus.
And. sir. another thing.
Very important.
The Train 290 is on a collision course
with another train.
Steam train from Croatia.
Thank you. Captain.
Find me that goddamn train.
-Hey!
-Sorry. I didn't make an appointment.
What the hell is it with you?
A personal crusade to stop me
making any money?
Maybe you should
find a new profession.
Murder and kidnapping don't seem
to be working out too well.
Easy for you to say.
You're a young man.
You know how hard it is
to change careers in middle age?
Tell me. What do you want from me?
I want you to die.
(Shouts)
Listen!
Once the bomb is delivered.
I make $100 million.
Just name your price.
How about half?
That's a fuck load of money.
Are you offering me a partnership?
Oh. no. man. I already have partners.
You know them.
It's Uncle Sam. CIA.
Norman E. Anderson.
"E" stands for Elliot.
What are you talking about?
Lieutenant. we are working
for the same people.
The only difference is.
I'm making much more money.
-Hold on!
-(Gun clicks)
I think we got
a little stand-off here.
No one has to die.
One month ago.
I had a contract with CIA.
They highjacked the scientists.
but later. some whistleblower
opened his mouth
and now the US government
wants to shut me down forever.
I need an insurance policy...
the bomb.
No one will fuck me up
when this toy is ready.
US government doesn't deal
with terrorists.
(Chuckles) Come on. man.
All the criminals and terrorists
all over the world
has had a business with CIA.
On Monday. they need us.
On Tuesday. they train us.
On Wednesday they use us.
By Friday. we are terrorists again.
-We are all from the same school!
-I don't care.
(Both grunting)
(Igor) He's using us both.
(Grunting continues)
(Yelling)
(Choking)
(Groaning)
(Yelling)
We still can make a deal.
Here's the deal... you die.
I came here to make the world safer.
but now I'm here for... Frank!
Russ. Dan.
-and Chief!
-(Gunshot)
(Breathes heavily)
(Screams)
(Man on radio)
All units. take positions.
Welcome home. Cooper.
-You heard from Mr Cutter. sir?
-Not yet. I hope he makes it.
Looks like there's going to be
a collision with the other train
and I don't think there's a damn thing
we can do about it.
We have to do something.
I'm trying. son.
That man saved our asses back there.
So with all due respect. try harder.
Stand down. sailor.
(John panting)
Can you disarm the bomb?
No. not if Gregor finished it.
(Train horn blows)
Focus on the bomb. Nina.
Gregor has installed three triggers.
The timer. a remote detonator.
accelerator.
What's that?
-If the bomb is moved too fast...
-Like if the trains crashes?
We are all going to die if we crash.
We all die if I tamper the device
or interrupt the circuits.
-Unless...
-Unless?
I can depressurise the oxygen tanks.
That will slow down
the main frame meltdown.
And if I'm right. it will help
to switch off the entire system.
-Then it won't be a bomb any more.
-Exactly.
What are you waiting for?
-I never did it before.
-Jesus.
I can try.
but if I fail. millions will die.
We don't have a choice.
Good luck. Nina.
Be cool.
We'll be outta here in a few minutes.
OK. I will start draining
the fuel tanks.
(Man over PA) Warning!
Three minutes to collision!
(Grunting)
Damn it! What the hell?
-Da!
-Get me some leverage!
(Singing in Italian)
Warning! You are two minutes
from collision!
You are two minutes from collision!
(John grunts)
(Train horn blowing)
One minute to collision!
(Grunting)
Warning! Thirty seconds to collision!
Thirty seconds to collision!
-(Explosion)
-(Passengers whimpering)
(Beeps)
I knew you could do it.
(Chuckles)
(Driver continues singing)
-(Coop) Hi. ma'am.
-Hi.
I'm a friend of John Cutter.
Really? John Cutter?
He told me to come here
and find Jenna.
Said you might have a dog of his
that needs a new home.
Can't have my dog. Coop.
John. Jesus Christ. man.
I thought you were dead!
That was the idea.
Good to see you. bud!
Hey. man.
-Hey. baby!
-(Jenna) Hi!
(Kissing)
-Heard Nick and Pink both made it.
-They did.
Thanks for coming up. Coop.
It means a lot.
You did pretty good
for a ground pounder.
I'd go to war with you anytime.
How is General Anderson?
You know. he's a big hero now.
Probably gonna run for presidency.
I don't think he will.
What you got there?
You know. broken promises.
lies. murder.
Jenna. any chance two thirsty men
can get a couple?
My girl.
To all our fallen brothers.
I started writing just like 20 pages
based off an outline
that Danny provided.
And. sent it off to him.
and in a couple days. you know.
we started going on from there.
And Danny did a really.
really big chunk of it. as well.
So. you know. it's a huge
collaboration. really.
(Man) It has everything.
it has trains.
it has submarines.
it has underwater shots.
uh. aerial shots.
Just everything that an action movie
might want. to be a big action movie.
For a good action movie. I think
you have to care about the character.
You can blow them all up
in the first five seconds
and no one will feel anything.
But if you start
to know the character.
get their history behind them.
understand where they're coming from.
meet their parents.
you know. their kids.
start to connect with them
on many ways. and then you kill 'em.
It's important.
All the actors.
they were great actors.
even in the very small parts.
Nobody said no.
Everyone was really eager
to work with Danny.
Absolutely new experience
working with American director.
It's my first experience. and I'm
very impressed how Danny works.
He's a one-take wonder.
He knows what he wants
and he gets it right away.
(Woman) Everything happened
just like that.
no matter how hard it was.
no matter how little time we had.
no matter all the obstacles.
but everything just happened.
It was great.
Short prep time.
getting the story right. casting.
everything just seemed to come
together at the last minute.
but it came together beautifully.
(Inaudible)
I can't find shit.
(Shouting)
(Laughing)
-No!
-(Gunshot)
(Indistinct chatter)
(Indistinct talking)
Working with Danny Lerner is magic.
Danny is family. and it's great
having him back. Everyone enjoys it.
(In Russian)
(In English) We are a family.
Everything comes from him.
His attitude towards people.
his respect for everyone...
And it just... It's payback from
everyone who's working in the film.
All the actors. it's such a warmth.
it's such a care.
you feel he's a giving person.
He's also my inspiration
in working here.
You know. he knows what needs
to be done. how to do it.
and how to do it efficiently.
He's got tonne of experience
in the movie business.
He's at the backbone
of why Nu Image/Millennium has
been successful for all these years.
And he doesn't take shit from anyone.
Before 20 years maybe.
I was very young. and very crazy...
So. Danny Lerner
was the first producer
and director that gave me chance
to supervise the pyro effects.
Everybody is willing to work
for such a director as Danny.
(Man) He's good as a producer.
he's good as a director.
He's just one of those people...
He's a soldier.
He'll do what it takes
to get the job done.
Danny. Is he back?
(Indistinct chatter)
(Laughs)
Very professional command of stunt.
Unbelievable.
(Speaking Russian)
This is my dream.
To put Danny front of the camera
to fight with Dojo.
Or Sergey.
Danny's gonna kill them. right away.
He's a good guy.
He's not that kind of guy. you know.
they're producers and producers.
Producers who will want to show that
they are the producers.
And Danny is a good guy.
You know. it's so good that he knows
precisely what he wants.
He believes in the close shots
of each character.
he believes in the energy
between the characters.
(In Russian)
(Vladimir Vladimirov speaking Russian)
(Singing in Russian)
(Speaking Russian)
(In English)
Danny is a person who. I think.
knows exactly what he wants.
and he...
He has a very good way
in talking to actors.
I think. because he's not gonna
go and tell you...
He's not gonna make you
go in your head.
which is the worst thing for an actor.
If you go in your head. you're done.
(Chuckles) With this scene.
you're never gonna get it right.
It's been fun for me and the rest
of the cast to run through flames.
fire guns. and to jump around.
like a bunch of kids playing G.I. Joe.
So. it's been a blessing
and he really knows what he's doing.
and he's making a real fun movie
for people to enjoy.
Danny. it's been a joy
working with you.
You're the man. You're a stud.
Having a blast.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Cheers. And I'll see you back
in Los Angeles.
♪ When I was a young boy
♪ I recognised
♪ The power of the power
♪ I became a young man
♪ Looked inside
and I found the power
♪ Search and destroy
♪ Unlock the power
♪ I've got the power
♪ There comes a time
in every man's life
♪ Where he's got to choose
♪ Between good and evil
♪ When the time comes.
which path are you gonna take
♪ Is it the one of least resistance
♪ Or the one that makes
this crazy life worth it
♪ Search and destroy
♪ Unlock the power
♪ It's inside of you
♪ Search and destroy ♪